I'm just outside Al Hospital in the
jabalia refugee camp north of the Gaza
Strip sometime ago the Israeli
occupation war planes pounded the
hospital's building two missiles hit the
permises directly and they resulted in
massive damage many parts of the
hospital were damaged and are out of
service a number of ambulance Vehicles
were also destroyed this is the
aftermath it's clearly visible the
hospital's main building was damaged as
a the entire part of the building is now
out of operation the medical equipment
was also
destroyed at 12:00 the missile hits the
hospital's main building the entire
fourth level was destroyed it is the
night Ward for patients and the injured
it is the third time the hospital comes
under direct attack by Israeli forces
with the recent damage more than 50% of
the hospital's capacity is lost we are
now forced to evacuate many of the
patients and injured in order to be able
to attend the victims day after day five
persons were
injured I was visiting a relative of
mine who was being treated at the
hospital on the way out the Israeli war
planes attacked the hospital my son was
injured in the
attack Israel's war on hospitals in the
Gaza Strip from the south to the north
continues its most recent attack
targeted ala Hospital the faciliity
suffered damage and half of its capacity
is brought to a ging hold and a number
of Palestinians have been injured an
Sharif Al jaaz